Fix clusterctl workflow (#184)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-openstack: README.md

   ./generate-yaml.sh --provider-os [os name] --clouds clouds.yaml
   ```

   You **will need** to make changes to the generated files to create a working cluster.
   You can find some guidance on what needs to be edited, and how to create some of the
   required OpenStack resources in the [Configuration documentation](docs/config.md).

   #### Special notes on ssh keys and fetching `admin.conf`

>    When running `generate-yaml.sh` the first time, a new ssh keypair is generated and stored as `$HOME/.ssh/openstack_tmp` and `$HOME/.ssh/openstack_tmp.pub`. In order to allow `clusterctl` to fetch kubernetes `admin.conf` from the master node, you **must** manually create it in OpenStack. By default the generated `machine.yaml` uses `cluster-api-provider-openstack` to be the `keyName`. However, you are free to change that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When running `generate-yaml.sh` the first time, a new ssh keypair is generated and stored as `$HOME/.ssh/openstack_tmp` and `$HOME/.ssh/openstack_tmp.pub`. In order to allow `clusterctl` to fetch Kubernetes' `admin.conf` from the master node, you **must** manually create the key pair in OpenStack. By default the generated `machine.yaml` uses `cluster-api-provider-openstack` to be the `keyName`. However, you are free to change that.
```
